---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (Fall 2019)
author: Tian Zheng
date: '2019-10-17'
slug: faq2019
categories:
  - info
tags:
  - Info
comments:       false
showMeta:       false
showActions:    false
---
+ **Question:** Will there be projects in the spring/summer?

    *Answer*: Yes, there will be another call for projects in December, and students in January. All current projects will be up for renewal under an expedited process, and interested students are encouraged to talk to their PIs about continuing.

+ **Question:** With only one application form, how do I express interest in more than one project?

    *Answer*: It is recommended that you prioritize based on your interest and skills. To a large extent, the methods of data science can be translated from one domain to another so demonstrating core competency is paramount. If you feel the need, you can address a portion of your personal statement to the PIs of each program to which you are applying.

+ **Question:** Is there still space to host interns for this program?  I have a student researcher in my lab who was interested in participating.

    *Answer*: The distribution of matching funds has ended. However, we will be happy to host your student researcher in our learning activities as a DSI scholar for Spring-Summer 2020.

+ **Question:** Is there any kind of housing stipend/financial remuneration available for participating students. 

    *Answer*: Most of the projects are providing stipends at the level of $5,000 for the duration of the project.
    
+ **Question:** I am a student in program A and am interested in Project B. Am I eligble to apply?

    *Answer*: All projects are open to qualified students. There is no restriction to specific academic programs.

+ **Question:** I will be working as a student researcher in lab xxx under the supervision of Professor YY this semester. I am interested in participating in the DSI scholars program's activities (e.g., boot camp, weekly meet-ups, etc). Can I apply?

    *Answer*: Yes, with your faculty advisor's permission, you are welcome to participate when space permits. The matching fund for stipend has all been given out but we welcome all undergraduate researchers to participate in the DSI scholars activities such as the boot camp, the weekly series and the fall poster social. Please write to <dsi-scholars@columbia.edu>.
