---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (Summer 2018)
author: Tian Zheng
date: '2018-01-23'
slug: faq2018
categories:
  - info
tags:
  - Info
comments:       false
showMeta:       false
showActions:    false
---
+ **Question:** Is there still space to host interns for this program?  I have a student researcher in my lab who was interested in participating.

    *Answer*: The distribution of matching funds has ended. However, we will be happy to host your student researcher in our learning activities as a DSI scholar of Summer 2018.

+ **Question:** Is there any kind of housing stipend/financial remuneration available for participating students. 

    *Answer*: Most of the projects are providing stipends at the level of $5,000 for the duration of the project. No housing will be provided. 
    
+ **Question:** I am a student in program A and am interested in Project B. Am I eligble to apply?

    *Answer*: All projects are open to qualified students. There is no restriction to specific academic programs.

+ **Question:** I will working as a student researcher in lab xxx under the supervision of Professor YY this summer. I am interested in participating in the DSI scholars program's activities (e.g., boot camp, weekly meet-ups, etc). Can I apply?

    *Answer*: Yes, with your faculty advisor's permission, you are welcome to participate when space permits. The matching fund for stipend has all been given out but we welcome all undergraduate researchers to participate in the DSI scholars activities such as the boot camp, the weekly series and the fall poster social. Please write to <dsi-scholars@columbia.edu>.